fix: 🐛 sd-audio a11y and other things (#2136)
solid-design-system/solid: .changeset/rare-mice-boil.md

---
'@solid-design-system/components': patch
---

> fix: change type of containingElement property in sd-dropdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjusted type of `containingElement` property in `sd-dropdown`
```
